Update _index.md (#30819)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/error_tracking/backend/capturing_handled_errors/_index.md

  - `dd-trace-py` version `3.8.0` or higher for Python
  - `dd-trace-rb` version `2.16.0` or higher for Ruby

<div class="alert alert-info">

> Note: Handled errors will contain the span attribute error.handling:handled. For more details, see [Facets][2]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Handled errors contain the span attribute <code>error.handling:handled</code>. For more details, see <a href="/error_tracking/explorer/#facets">Facets</a>.
```

[1]: /error_tracking/backend/getting_started
[2]: /error_tracking/apm

> [3]: /error_tracking/explorer/#facets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
